# Super-Store-Sales
Power BI Dashboard
Project Objective: To contribute to the success of a business by utilizing data analysis techniques, specifically focusing on time series analysis, to provide valuable insights and accurate sales forecasting .
Steps Taken:   1. Dashboard Creation - Identified the KPIs, designed an intuitive appealing dashboard, added interactive visualizationsn and filtering which allow users to explore the data at various levels of granularity. 2. Data Analysis - Provided valuable insights to business entities enhancing effectiveness of their sales strategies through visualization and charts. 3. Sales Forecasting - Leveraged historic data and apply time series analysis to generate sales forecasts for next 15 days. 4. Actionable insights and Recommendations - Shared valuable insights and actionable information that can drive strategic decision-making and supported the supermarket's goal for growth, efficiency and customer satisfaction.  
Insights: 1. Maximum number of payments to the store are done through Cash-on-delivery, then online methods. Least number of customers prefer paymeny through cards. 2. Western region customers are the most important customers for the store as they account for more than one-third of the store's sales. 3. Month-wise sales was highest in December then November , however maximum profits were encountered in the month of October then December & March. 
In the last 2 years, the store has received 22k orders giving a sales of $1.6M . Total profit is $175K whereas teh store's average ship days has been 4 days. 
